Instructor: The first operating system
that we're going to install in our lab is Kali Linux.
See, throughout the course,
we're going to use a number of hacking tools.
You can install each of these tools manually,
or you can do what most hackers do, including myself,
and save time and effort and use an operating system
designed for hacking.
We're gonna use an operating system called Kali Linux.
It's a Linux distro based on Debian,
and the only difference between Kali
and the actual original Debian Linux distro
is the fact that Kali has a lot of hacking
and penetration testing tools pre-installed
and pre-configured in it.
Therefore, once you install Kali,
you will have access to so many hacking tools
without the need to install or configure any of them,
which will save you a lot of time and a lot of effort.
Now, just like any other operating system,
you can install it as a main machine
or as a virtual machine.
Now, I'm going to install it as a virtual machine,
because like I explained in the previous lecture,
we will not lose any functionality
by using operating systems as virtual machines,
and it comes with a lot of benefits
because it's completely isolated from our computer
that we always use, so if we break the virtual machine
or if we want to delete it and reset it,
it will not affect our main operating system.
Now, the first thing that you wanna do
is download the virtual image of Kali Linux,
so you can download it from the resources of this lecture.
To access the resources of the current lecture,
we're gonna scroll down to the lecture,
we're gonna click on the resources icon,
and then we're gonna click on the resource that we want.
Now, before going ahead with this,
I want to highlight something
that is very, very, very important, so please pay attention.
This is a custom Kali image that I made for my courses.
It is smoother and faster than the original one,
it fixes a number of bugs,
and it contains a number of extra programs
that we need for this course
and are not included in the original release.
You do not have to use this custom image.
You can use the original one.
You can even use just a normal Linux distribution
as long as you know how to manually install
all of the missing programs
and apply the fixes that I did myself,
and you can see a full list of them here on the left.
Therefore, if you ask us a question in the Q and A section
and you're not using the custom image,
the first thing that we will ask you
is to use the custom Kali image that we made for you,
because we will not know the changes you made
in order to fix it.
So if you have a 64-bit computer,
download it from one of these links,
or if you have a 32=bit computer,
then download the 32-bit version from here.
For Apple users, if you have an Apple computer,
then you should download the 64-bit version
if you have an older Apple computer
that uses a 64-bit processor,
or if you have a newer Apple computer
with a Silicon ARM chip, like the M1, M2, M3, and so on,
then make sure you download the version
that is made specifically for your computer from here.
While waiting on the download,
check out our VIP community right here
and our YouTube channel.
We actually post hacking content on it regularly,
so you'll probably find this very, very useful,
so make sure you subscribe to stay updated
with the latest stuff that we post in here.
Once the download is complete,
you'll be ready to install Kali as a virtual machine.
I will walk you through that in the next lectures.
but before moving on, we need to enable virtualization
to run virtual machines.
You only need to do that if you're running Windows or Linux.
You do not need to do this if you're running Apple MacOS,
as Apple computers come
with virtualization enabled by default.
so skip the rest of this lecture
if you're using an Apple computer.
If you're using Windows or Linux,
then continue with me to see how to enable it.
So on Windows, before enabling it,
if you wanna check if it is already enabled,
you're gonna have to go to the start menu.
We're gonna look for the task manager.
I have it right here.
I'm gonna click on more details,
I'm gonna go on performance,
and if you look in here beside virtualization,
if it's saying enabled for you,
then you can skip the rest of this lecture
and move on to the next lecture.
If it's saying disabled, then continue with this lecture
to learn how to enable virtualization.
So to do that, we're gonna have
to first restart the computer,
and as it's booting, as it's starting,
you're gonna have to press a key combination,
usually one of the F keys from your keyboard,
to enter the BIOS settings,
and from there, we can enable it,
so let me show you how to do it.
Keep in mind, you only need to do this
if virtualization is disabled.
If it's enabled, then you can simply skip this
and continue with the rest of the course.
Entering the BIOS settings varies depending
on the computer that you have
and depending on the motherboard.
On the right here, I have a table
of the most common computers
along with the buttons that you need to press
in order to enter the BIOS settings,
so as soon as you turn on the computer or restart it,
you'll need to press the button relevant to your computer
in here in order to enter the BIOS settings.
Once you're there, you wanna make sure
you enable virtualization,
so let me show you how to do this on a real computer.
This is a Lenovo computer,
therefore, based on the table that I just showed you,
I will need to press F2 as soon as I turn on this computer
in order to enter into its BIOS settings.
So first, I'm gonna hit the power button to turn it on,
and as it's being turned on, I'm gonna keep pressing F2
to enter the settings, and perfect.
As you can see, I am in the BIOS settings right now.
Now, keep in mind, depending on your computer,
the settings might look different than what I have in here.
The main thing you need to keep in mind
is to enable virtualization.
This option can be found in a different window
in any of these windows or tabs,
but the main thing you wanna keep in mind is
to look for an option called virtualization, VT-x, AMD-V,
or any of the options in here and enable it.
So as you can see, for me, the first window that I see
is just an information window.
It doesn't really allow me to modify anything.
Now, you can use the keyboard to navigate
between these windows or these tabs,
so I'm gonna press the right arrow
to go to the configuration window,
and in here, the only thing that I wanna modify
is Intel virtualization technology,
so I'm gonna use the down arrow to navigate to that,
and I'm gonna hit enter to change the setting,
press down to set it to enabled,
and hit enter again to select it.
Now, if you're not sure about how to use this interface,
because like I said,
you might actually get a different interface,
keep an eye on the instructions that you see at the bottom,
as they tell you exactly how to navigate
and modify the settings.
Now, I'm done with the configuration window.
I'm gonna press the right arrow again
to go into the security tab.
We're gonna go to the exit,
so again, I'm gonna press the right arrow again,
and I'm gonna select the first option, exit saving settings.
It's gonna ask me, do I really wanna do this?
I'm gonna say yes.
The computer will restart with virtualization enabled,
so in the next lectures
when we get to installing virtual machines,
these virtual machines will run with no issues.
If you've done everything properly,
now if you go again to the Task Manager, go to performance,
you should see that virtualization is enabled.
If you couldn't do that,
please ask us in the Q and A section,
and we'll be happy to help you.
Keep in mind that you only need to do this
if you're running Windows or Linux as the host computer
on your main computer.
If you're running Apple MacOS,
then you do not need to do this,
and you should have skipped this part.